hi I'm Lee I'm part of the team at
Johnson hyundai of caring i'm going to
show you the latest great thing from
hyundai the completely redesigned 2011
hyundai elantra an all new vehicle for a
driver like you who wants value but
won't compromise on style the all-new
2000 hyundai elantra has been totally
redesigned for sporty-er look Rach round
headlights front fog lights and muscular
wheel arches give it a lower more
aggressive profile the all-new Elantra
handles well and provides a smooth ride
the Elantra is powered by 1.8 liter
four-cylinder engine you can choose from
a 6-speed manual or automatic
transmission with 29 miles to the gallon
in the city and 40 on the highway the
Elantra gets better standard gas mileage
than the Honda Civic toyota corolla and
the ford focus safety features on the
new Elantra includes six airbags a
four-wheel anti-lock braking system an
intelligent Vehicle Stability management
system the Hyundai Elantra is available
with leather upholstery alloy wheels a
sport-tuned suspension sunroof and
heated front seats it's interior is so
roomy the government classifies it as a
midsize instead of a compact car
satellite radio proximity key entry with
electronic push buttons and a navigation
system are all available options with
the 2011 hyundai elantra top it all off
the 2011 Elantra won the AL geez award
for the highest residual value in its
class for more information about the
exciting hyundai elantra come to johnson
hyundai of carrying the only dealership
to offer the lowest price guarantee you
can visit our state-of-the-art
dealership or check us out online at
johnson Hyundai calm at Johnson hyundai
of carrie we're committed to providing
you with a seamless hyundai ownership
experience that you won't get from any
other dealership we stick to our promise
of great deals great service and no
badgers before during and after the sale
we're conveniently located off of
highway 64 in the heart of the carry
auto mall we hope to see you soon at
johnson hyundai of caring